Document pagination API (#550)
apache/couchdb-documentation: src/api/ddoc/views.rst

    :<header Accept: - :mimetype:`application/json`
                     - :mimetype:`text/plain`

>     :query string bookmark: A bookmark to get sepcific page of the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :query string bookmark: A bookmark to get specific page of the results.
```

Author: fixed

>     :query string bookmark: Specify a bookmark to get sepcific page of the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :query string bookmark: A bookmark to get sepcific page of the results.
```

      the keys specified in the array.
    :query number limit: Limit the number of the returned documents to the
      specified number.

>     :query number page_size: Specify the number of rows in the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :query number page_size: The number of rows in the result.
```

            }
        ]
    }

.. _api/ddoc/view/pagination:

Pagination
==========

.. versionadded:: 4.0

> There is a support for token based pagination. The token based pagination is an

Reviewer: [Stylistic] Avoid passive voice, and combine sentences to reduce repetitiveness.

```suggestion
CouchDB supports token-based pagination, which is an
```

> alternative to previously recomended :ref:`pagination recipe <views/pagination>`

Reviewer: [Stylistic] Whether it was a previous recommendation probably isn't relevant here. Might be good detail in a changelog, though.

```suggestion
alternative to :ref:`pagination recipe <views/pagination>`
```

based on ``offset``, ``limit`` and ``skip``.

> The user can request paginated mode by setting ``page_size`` query parameter. When
> pagination is enabled the response would include ``next`` and ``previous`` tokens.
> Which can be used to retrieve next and previous page of the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can request paginated mode by setting the ``page_size`` query parameter. When
pagination is enabled, the response will include ``next`` and ``previous`` tokens,
which can be used to retrieve the next and previous pages of results, respectively.
```

> The maximum possible page size is configured via ``request_limits``

Reviewer: The above description indicates that "page_size" controls the maximum possible page size, so I gather this means something else. Is this referring to the maximum number of pages?  If so, I suggest rewording to make that more clear:

```suggestion
The maximum number of pages is configured via ``request_limits``
```

If it's something else, can you clarify?

section in one of the ``ini`` files.

.. code-block:: ini

    [request_limits]
    _all_docs = 5000
    _all_docs/queries = 5000
    _all_dbs = 5000
    _view = 2500
    _view/queries = 2500

Note that ``page_size`` for :ref:`Multiple queries <api/ddoc/view/multiple_queries>`

> endpoints limits number of queries the user can submit in the body of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoints limits the number of queries the user can submit in the body of the request.
```

Reviewer: How is the `page_size` limit related to the maximum queries a user can submit?  Is it a 1:1 relationship?  (i.e. page_size=2 means 2 queries?)

Author: >  Is it a 1:1 relationship? (i.e. page_size=2 means 2 queries?)

yes

Compatibility notes
-------------------

- ``page_size`` is forbidden in the query object passed in ``queries`` array \
  submitted via :post:`/{db}/_design/{ddoc}/_view/{view}/queries` request.

> - ``keys`` propery is incompatible with ``page_size``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``keys`` property is incompatible with ``page_size``.
```

> - value for ``skip`` property has to be in range of ``[0..<request_limit>]``.

Reviewer: [Stylistic]

```suggestion
- value for ``skip`` property must be in range of ``[0..<request_limit>]``.
```
